# Spring-boot bootstrap project

This project is based
on [Clean Architecture](https://techsophysol.sharepoint.com/sites/TechsophyDeveloperNetwork/technology/SitePages/Clean.aspx)
concept.

## Project structure

* application - All the incoming requests like REST, GraphQL, gRPC, incoming
  events etc
* config - Application configuration
* core - Core business logic. This section will contain domain and the service
  with core business logic
* exception - Application/ Custom exception
* repository - External Repositories. Implement repositories as required
* util - Utility functions

## In  this application
* _ICustomRestServicePort_ is an input REST adapter
* _ICustomerService_ is an interface that exposes core service
* _ICustomRepositoryPort_ is an interface which defines how the service will 
  interact with a repository
* _InMemoryCustomerRepositoryPort_ is an implementation of memory repository

The _ICustomerController_ exposes four REST service
* `/v1/customers` (POST with json body) -> Add a customer
* `/v1/customers` (GET) -> Fetch all customers
* `/v1/customers/customer/{id}` (GET) -> Fetch customer by ID
* `/v1/customers/customer/{id}` (DELETE) -> Delete customer by ID

### Error handling
* Common place for Error handling
* Similar Error Response body with a proper HTTP status code across APIs

`GlobalExceptionHandler` is a global exception handler class with annotation 
@RestControllerAdvice. We can define multiple error handler methods for different 
types of exceptions generated by services in `GlobalExceptionHandler` class and wrap 
each using common `ErrorDetails` response. This will make sure we have 
common place to handle errors and all services return similar error responses.

To support internationalization (i18n), it requires the capability of 
resolving text messages for different locales. `ResourceBundleMessageSource` 
is the most common MessageSource implementation that resolves messages from 
resource bundles for different locales.




## Unit testing

To run unit tests set `database.memory` to `true`

## Access endpints

### Save customer

```
curl --request POST \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{"firstName":"firstName", "middleName":"middleName","lastName":"lastName", "email":"email@demo.com"}' \
http://localhost:8080/v1/customers/
```

### Get customer by ID

```
curl --request GET \
'http://localhost:8080/v1/customers/customer/:id'
```

### Fetch all customers

```
curl --request GET \
'http://localhost:8080/v1/customers/?page=1&size=10&sort=firstName%20asc'
```

### Delete customer by ID

```
curl --request DELETE \
'http://localhost:8080/v1/customers/customer/:id'
```